Oh
very good dong-gwon I am glad to have
chosen you to be part of a gongfu
demonstration Thank You Master way I
just hope I'll be ready in time you'll
be fine donghwa you just need to
continue practicing where is he
of all days to be late stop pacing
you'll wear a hole in the magistrates
desk don't one knows how important this
day is he's been training for weeks
don't worry he'll be here hmm I hope you
cats are ready to write because I have a
lot of rules rule number one there will
be no fishing on Fridays hmm as I was
saying there is to be no basket weaving
on Tuesdays can you stall I'm going to
see what was so special that donghwa
would miss such an important ritual
good now the next move combines the
balance of mind and body
whoa
donghwa remember balance of mind and
body Oh mwah oh no I forgot that I had
to write my first solo rule today please
excuse me
there you are do you know what time it
is um you've been training for this
family ritual for weeks and then you go
and miss it
sorry I forgot since you forgot I want
five extra Scrolls of writing practice
by tomorrow morning
what but really I don't know what could
be more important than this it's not
fear
it's all in the wrists my dears now it's
your turn
remember grace poise and finesse hmm
bad Oh Oh more dancing and less
daydreaming
no no no bad Oh
why are you so preoccupied oh it's
nothing
I'll never get this finished how's it
going not good
just because mama Bob our scribes
doesn't mean I have to be one too we're
all going to be scribes it's a family
tradition I know but I won't gum fool
more and I'm getting really good at it
definitely better than I am at writing
then tell Baba he wouldn't understand he
only wants me to write I don't see why I
have to give up something I do love for
something I don't good it's better but
your writing is sloppy I'd like to see
five more Scrolls from you but I have to
you have to what nothing all right then
maybe I'll practice my gun food first
and then finish these later but oh
you're just in time everything's ready
what are we making today a real treat
dragon beard candy hmm
mix this by the way those dumplings we
made last time turned out very nicely
thank you your parents must be proud
actually I can't talk to them about it
they just think I'm spending too much
time in the kitchen instead of learning
things that teach me grace and poise
well as far as I'm concerned you're very
graceful in the kitchen oh you'll get
the hang of it dong hua ba gua I'll
never get these Scrolls finished by
tomorrow I'll just finish them for him
this time
besides I'm so much faster than he